This is a C# Universal Windows Platform application that I made that allows the user to create and edit notes. The applicaiton has a ListView on the left side that is contains existing notes which populated by the local SQLite database via databinding, and a rich edit box on the right for writing and editing notes.

Selecting a note from the ListView displays that note's contents in the Rich Edit Box in read only mode, editing can be enabled by pressing the edit button.

Pressing the + button allows the user to create a new note and enables the Rich Edit Box, which allows for formatting of text including bold, underline and italics.

Pressing save presents a asychronous dialog and gets user input for the name of the note, then saves the note to the local database.

The created note is automatically displayed in the ListView via databinding.

Pressing the delete button first confirms the user intends to delete the note, then deletes it from the database. 

Searching of notes is enabled by entering text in the textbox above the ListView and the ListView is updated as the user types.

Throughout the creation of this application I learned a great deal, the most important of which was the concept of databinding. Before going into this I did not use or even really know about databinding, so this was a very interesting process.  



This is a javascript application which I made which utilizes the Leaflet.js mapping library as well as the Halifax Transit open data API to display the current location and rotation of each bus (filtered to buses on routes 1 - 10 to reduce clutter) and retreive the data every seven seconds.

Clicking on a bus icon will display a popup which gives the vehicle ID and the route number.

The application retreives the data from the API in the General Transit Feed Specification format and converts that data into the GeoJSON format that is required.

This was a very interesting project to work on, as it was my first in depth dive into using an API. Throughout the process I learned how fetch data from an API, how to convert from one javascript object to another, and I furthered my learning in dealing with third party javascript libraries.



This is a custom social media feed website that I developed using the Laravel framework as a assignment for a PHP class. It is comprised of a administrative back-end that ensures that only authoriezed users with approprirate permissions are allowed to make changes (which are stored in the MySQL database) and a front-end site area which dynamically displays content stored in the database. The front-end site is viewable by all users but posting and administrative functions are limited to registered users  with the appropritate permission level. The backend database was hosted on AWS RDS and it used Heroku to serve up the application.

Users can either log in or view as a guest (without posting or administration privliges). This example shows a administrator logging in. 

The main page displays the contents of the website dynamically and shows edit and delete buttons under each photo (only as admin).

Clicking create new post (only displayed when logged in) prompts the user for a title and and url for an image.

The image is then displayed on the main page from newest to oldest.

Administror accounts have the ability to show more details about, edit or delete any other user.

Editing an account allows the admin to change the name, email address and the roles of that account.

At the time that I created this (December 2020) this was the biggest project that I had worked on. I had learned a little bit about MVC frameworks previous to this but this was my first deep dive into MVC and Laravel. I also learned about using AWS to host the database of my application and Heroku to serve it to the user.


This is my capstone project for my degree and is currently in progress. This is an Android application that me and two others are developing on request of the Executive Director of Nova Scotia's Summer Fest. 
The purpose of this project is to make the scheduling and tracking of hours of volunteers at Summer Fest easier. This project hgas taken place over the course of the semester and required the creation of documents such as a project proposal, bi-weekly meeting minutes and alpha version demonstration. 

My main focus in the group was designing/creating the database and the database CRUDs statments though each member contributed to every part of the applicaiton, in some aspect.

The Entity Relationship Diagram (above) and the layout (below) were both created and approved before any development took place.

Currently in its alpha version, the application allows the user to enter a volunteer which is then saved to the database.

The list of all volutneers is shown on the home page.

Entering text in the textbox filters by name of volunteer.







